Feature/common use cases (#114)
GoogleChromeLabs/psi: README.md

    $ psi https://addyosmani.com --strategy=mobile
```

## Common Use cases

<details>
 <summary>Getting PSI into your build process.</summary><br>

A sample [Gulp](https://github.com/addyosmani/psi-gulp-sample) project using PSI is available.

If you use Grunt, [`grunt-pagespeed`](https://github.com/jrcryer/grunt-pagespeed) is a task by James Cryer that uses PSI under the hood.

For testing local projects, we recommend using [`psi-ngrok`](https://github.com/denar90/psi-ngrok) or [`ngrok`](http://www.jamescryer.com/2014/06/12/grunt-pagespeed-and-ngrok-locally-testing/).
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Getting filmstrips</summary>

> **Filmstrips** are returned by v5 but psi tool is not exposing that data. If you want to get **filmstrips** you can create a file that require `psi` tool and get the specific data from the `audits` object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Filmstrips** are returned by the v5 API as data uri's but the psi tool does not expose them on the cli. If you want to get **filmstrips** (or any audit details) you can require `psi` and get them from the `audits` object:
```

Author: Much better. Thanks!
